Methodology.
	The storage ring method for measuring the EDM of a particle consists in the following:
	1) The spin of a particle put into an electromagnetic field precesses according to the T-BMT equation.
	2) The EDM term in it moves the spin in the vertical plane.
	3) Due to imperfections in the ring, such as magnet misalignments, there's a vertical movement associated with the MDM; however
	4) Using the CW/CCW procedure, the MDM influence can be removed, because the magnetic field and particle velocity reverse sign, so Omega_{MDM} reverse sign, so thesum is twice the EDM frequency, which is proportional to the EDM.
	I've been estimating the statistical precision of this method.

Detector counting rate.
	 1) From previous work, for the detector counting rate of the polarimeter I assumed the model [model].
	 2) The number of counts in Poisson distributed, which gives us a relationship between the standard deviation and expectation value
	 3) Which in turn yields an expression for the relative error of the counting rate.

Cross section asymmetry.
      1) CS is a measure of polarization, and by definition it is the normalized difference between the detector rates of oppositely placed detectors.
      2) For fitting, the signal's expectation value is modeled as a sinusoid with an exponentially falling envelope, and as a result of continually falling counting rates, the error term is heteroscedastic.
      3) The MLE estimator for the variance of the frequency estimate is given by [equation]. In the numerator the error variance, and the denominator is the product of the sample's total Fisher information and its time spread. Fisher information is proportional to the square of the signal's derivative.

Limiting factors.
	 1) So, in order to minimize the error we want two things:
	    a) we want to have as many sample points taken during rapid change as possible; however, we are limited by the polarimetry sampling rate.
	    b) And we can't really wait for the next node to happen, because decoherence keeps worsening the beam.

Time-spread.
	0) That means there's a finite amount of information a beam can provide.
	1) As a measure of how long we can wait, I used the proportion of the amount of sampled FI to the limit.
	2) After three times the decoherence lifetime, almost all of FI the beam inherently possesses is exhausted; simulation corroborates this --- the improvement in the standard error after three tau is very marginal.

Simulation.
	1) In the final simulation, to get a first approximation, I simulated uniform samplings from the detectors, with a growing relative error.
	2) The sample sizes correspond to what we'd get if we used 75% of a 1e11 particle beam.
	3) The result is sufficient to get a further improvement by 30%.

# questions
Standard error.
	 1) If we sample uniformly from a non-decaying sinusoid, the above equation can be rewritten in physical terms as [this].
	
